tests/CartTest.java
 tests.CartTest
tests/CharlesProxyTest.java
 tests.CharlesProxyTest
pages/Page.java
 pages.Page
tests/CorrectOpenedPageTest.java
 tests.CorrectOpenedPageTest
pages/MainProductsPage.java
 pages.MainProductsPage
pages/ProductPage.java
 pages.ProductPage
tests/FirefoxOldLoginTest.java
 tests.FirefoxOldLoginTest
tests/CreateNewUserTest.java
 tests.CreateNewUserTest
tests/CheckStickersTest.java
 tests.CheckStickersTest
tests/ClickMenuTest.java
 tests.ClickMenuTest
tests/PreTest.java
 tests.PreTest
tests/CheckExistence.java
 tests.CheckExistence
pages/OrderPage.java
 pages.OrderPage
tests/FirefoxNightlyLoginTest.java
 tests.FirefoxNightlyLoginTest
tests/CartTestCloud.java
 tests.CartTestCloud
tests/LoginTest.java
 tests.LoginTest
tests/SafariLoginTest.java
 tests.SafariLoginTest
tests/MyFirstTest.java
 tests.MyFirstTest
tests/LoginStep.java
 tests.LoginStep
tests/NewWindowTest.java
 tests.NewWindowTest
 tests.NewWindowTest$1
cucumber/RunSpecs.java
 cucumber.RunSpecs
tests/BrowserMessagesTest.java
 tests.BrowserMessagesTest
pages/CheckoutPage.java
 pages.CheckoutPage
tests/AddNewProductTest.java
 tests.AddNewProductTest
tests/FirefoxNewLoginTest.java
 tests.FirefoxNewLoginTest
tests/AlfabetCountryTest.java
 tests.AlfabetCountryTest
pages/YandexPage.java
 pages.YandexPage
cucumber/CartStepdefs.java
 cucumber.CartStepdefs
tests/TestBase.java
 tests.TestBase
tests/AdvancedCartTest.java
 tests.AdvancedCartTest
cucumber/CucumberTestBase.java
 cucumber.CucumberTestBase
cucumber/DimasStepdefs.java
 cucumber.DimasStepdefs
cucumber/GeneralStepdefs.java
 cucumber.GeneralStepdefs
pages/FoundResultsPage.java
 pages.FoundResultsPage
 pages.FoundResultsPage$1
app/Application.java
 app.Application
